The first task was to work out which of the pixels represented the man in the image. As the video plays the lighting seems to change greatly, this is likely to be due to the camera changing settings, such as aperture size, automatically. This change in lighting would make it difficult to use colours to separate the man from the background ss we do not have consistend background colours. For that reason we chose to use the depth data. 

The background is not flat as we can see from figure ***theDataOne. There 4 separate sections of wall with different depths. Given the kinect sensor and wall are stationary we decided that it would simplify finding the man to use the depth points for frame one as a standard background. Firstly the z values were normalised to have values between 0 and 1 in each of the images. We then subtracted the initial background from each of the following images. 

We subtracted the z co-ordinates of this initial image from all of the z-co-ordinates of each of the successive frames. This allowed us to set a threshold of minimum 0.03 to separate out the background. However this did not deal with the artefacts that existed around the man as these had been assigned a value of 1 when we normalised the data being the points recorded as furthest forwards. For that reason we needed an upper bound as well and found that a maximum threshold of 0.45 was able to isolate just the man in the image with no artefacts. However we also found that in some images small holes would appear in the head. Most of these could be removed using the supplied cleanup function however some still remained in some images.

The thresholds were used to create a binary image that represented the pixels we believed were just the man as in figure ***FindTheManImage1.jpg. We could then overlay the man onto any image by taking the binary image for each frame and the full colour image and changing the pixels that were 1s in the binary image to have the same values as the pixels of the frame from which we have obtained the man. This overlaying can be placed over the new background created in the previous section for each frame giving us a video of the man walking past the field of poppies as required. The results of this are shown in figure ***FindTheManImage2.jpg.

